docs: troubleshooting mcp tools component missing tool mode (#11381)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Support/troubleshooting.mdx

Alternatively, configure Langflow Desktop to accept connections from WSL at the default Windows IP address of `10.255.255.254:7860` instead of `localhost`.

### MCP Tools component loses Tool Mode option after upgrading flows {#mcp-tools-component-loses-tool-mode-option-after-upgrading-flows}

If you upgrade an existing flow that uses the [**MCP Tools** component](/mcp-tools) in **Tool Mode**, the component might lose its **Tool Mode** setting after upgrading the flow.
This can break flows that rely on the component's **Tool Mode** to expose MCP tools to agents.

If you're using a flow from an version of Langflow before v1.7.2 and the **MCP Tools** component loses its **Tool Mode** setting, do the following:

1. Select the **MCP Tools** component in your flow.
2. Click <Icon name="Code" aria-hidden="true"/> **Code** to open the component's code editor.
3. In the component's template structure, locate the `tool_mode` field under `inputs`.

>    The field may be missing or set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The field can be either missing or set to `false`.
```
